You really think ripping up that contract is going to help? You're so silly.
Oh please honey, you couldn't explain business to a cleaning lady.
Security, get this woman out of here before she makes another mess.
I was the one that started this deal with the shepherds.
And after careful consideration, I don't think the Harrison family is worthy of working with the shepherds.
You really think that the shepherd group and I could be torn up by something that you've done?
You have no authority here.
Of course she has the authority.
That's the man that Laura went with the other day. What is he doing here?
Mr. Shepherd, how does he know her?
Is that really Brian Shepherd?
Laura, are you all right?
Mr. Shepherd, I can assure you, I don't even know it this woman.
There must be some significance understanding.
There's no misunderstanding here, Mr. Harrison.
This contract with Shepherd Group is officially terminated.
Effective immediately.
Wait a minute, this contract, I thought you said you got it.
It's her.
She ruined the contract.
You are his mistress, aren't you?
And a fair behind my son's back?
Mom, please, it's okay. This man is.
Don't touch me.
That woman destroyed your career in front of everyone.
Hasn't a fair and you just stand there?
You're a disgrace.
And a donteroth.
You deserve to be our shut up.